hey guys this is Ron from YouTube's rock
and metal news with a rocket metal news
update Corrosion of Conformity will
headline a three-week tour in march in
support of their forthcoming album
direct support will be provided by torch
a valiant Thor and a storm of light and
you can check the description of this
video for the to of dates that have been
announced and details have been
announced for the 2012 South by so what
music festival the annual event will
take place on Saturday March 17th at the
QuikTrip park in Grand Prairie Texas
doors open at 11:00 a.m. and general
admission is 40 to 25 and you can check
in the description of this video for all
the performers that have been announced
so far some of the good ones are born of
Osiris
they've got asking alexandria and mir
for today and a bunch of others so check
that out and your memorial will be
heading into the studio in February to
record their follow-up album to 2010
atonement the band will work with
engineer Josh Barber to put the album
together and then Josh Schroeder from a
random awareness will do the mixing and
mastering the band expects to finish up
the album in late spring for a summer
2012 release if the world was to end is
the new single from lower than Atlantis
and you can check that out on YouTube
after Shikari have released us still
from their upcoming arguing with
thermometer as a music video over at
their Facebook page the song itself is
taken from the band's new album a flash
flood of color which is due in stores on
January the 10th and finally ghosts have
announced the band will head out on its
first ever North American headlining
tour in January 2012 goes frontman papa
and mortis and band will team up with
doom rockers blood ceremony and ancient
wisdom for a two-week tour titled the 13
dates of doom tour that will launch on
January 18th in New York New York and
ghost continues to
tour in support of its debut album opus
eponymous and this is Ron from YouTube's
rock/metal news and that's a rock a
metal news update and thanks for tuning
in